Update ztunnel documentation to use ztunnel-config command instead of… (#15008)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ambient/usage/ztunnel/index.md

### Viewing ztunnel proxy state

> As indicated previously, the ztunnel proxy on each node gets configuration and discovery information from the istiod component via xDS APIs. Use the `istioctl experimental ztunnel-config` command shown below to view discovered workloads as seen by a ztunnel proxy as well as secrets holding the TLS certificates that the ztunnel proxy has received from the istiod control plane to use in mTLS signaling on behalf of the local workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As indicated previously, the ztunnel proxy on each node gets configuration and discovery information from the istiod component via xDS APIs. Use the `istioctl experimental ztunnel-config` command shown below to view discovered workloads as seen by a ztunnel proxy as well as the TLS certificates that the ztunnel proxy has received from the istiod control plane to use in mTLS signaling on behalf of the local workloads.
```

spiffe://cluster.local/ns/ambient-demo/sa/httpbin      Leaf     Available     true           335952993eb8024a3acd34735b2e76c1     2024-05-04T18:07:22Z     2024-05-03T18:05:22Z
spiffe://cluster.local/ns/ambient-demo/sa/httpbin      Root     Available     true           b73bb47b4801d9c0b4d13e5cc79afab7     2034-05-01T17:50:10Z     2024-05-03T17:50:10Z
spiffe://cluster.local/ns/ambient-demo/sa/notsleep     Leaf     Available     true           ca6e718cd9b92b5bd51aafeab1eae2d4     2024-05-04T18:07:22Z     2024-05-03T18:05:22Z
spiffe://cluster.local/ns/ambient-demo/sa/notsleep     Root     Available     true           b73bb47b4801d9c0b4d13e5cc79afab7     2034-05-01T17:50:10Z     2024-05-03T17:50:10Z
spiffe://cluster.local/ns/ambient-demo/sa/sleep        Leaf     Available     true           478a0426a2a7812131c90b8cf6eceed9     2024-05-04T18:07:22Z     2024-05-03T18:05:22Z
spiffe://cluster.local/ns/ambient-demo/sa/sleep        Root     Available     true           b73bb47b4801d9c0b4d13e5cc79afab7     2034-05-01T17:50:10Z     2024-05-03T17:50:10Z
{{< /text >}}

> Using these CLI commands, a user can check that ztunnel proxies are getting configured with all the expected workloads and TLS certificates and missing information can be used for troubleshooting to explain any potential observed networking errors. A user may also use the `all` option to view all parts of the ztunnel-config with a single CLI command and the JSON output formatter as shown in the example below to display the complete set of available state information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using these CLI commands, a user can check that ztunnel proxies are getting configured with all the expected workloads and TLS certificates. Additionally, missing information may be relevant for troubleshooting to explain observed networking errors. A user may also use the `all` option to view all parts of the ztunnel-config with a single CLI command and the JSON output formatter as shown in the example below to display the complete set of available state information.
```

{{< /text >}}

{{< text bash >}}

> $ istioctl x ztunnel-config workloads "$ZTUNNEL".istio-system

Reviewer 2: Does user needs to specify "$ZTUNNEL".istio-system?  I don't think it is required.

Author: I don't think it's required, I can verify though. I was just going off of previous functionality which still seems to work.

Reviewer 2: Let us keep the doc as simple as possible - It is not required so let us remove it?

Author: agreed!

Reviewer 3: We also expand out x to experimental

Reviewer 4: (I do wonder if the UX of having `istioctl x` is somewhat at odds with how we use feature statuses, and should be removed.  I'll bring this up on Slack)

NAME                                   NAMESPACE          IP         NODE               WAYPOINT PROTOCOL
coredns-6d4b75cb6d-ptbhb               kube-system        10.240.0.2 amb1-control-plane None     TCP

> coredns-6d4b75cb6d-tv5nz               kube-system        10.240.0.3 amb1-control-plane None     TCP

Reviewer 2: The outpit needs update i think?

In the second example, you see the list of TLS certificates that this ztunnel proxy instance has received from istiod to use in TLS signaling.

{{< text bash >}}

> $ istioctl x ztunnel-config certificates "$ZTUNNEL".istio-system

Reviewer 2: same comment here.  also output needs to be updated

spiffe://cluster.local/ns/istio-system/sa/ztunnel     Cert Chain     Available     true           ec30e0e1b7105e3dce4425b5255287c6     2033-09-16T18:26:19Z     2023-09-19T18:26:19Z
{{< /text >}}

Using these CLI commands, a user can check that ztunnel proxies are getting configured with all the expected workloads and TLS certificates and missing information can be used for troubleshooting to explain any potential observed networking errors. A user may also use the `all` option to view all parts of the ztunnel-config with a single CLI command and the JSON output formatter as shown in the example below to display the complete set of available state information.

{{< text bash >}}

> $ istioctl x ztunnel-config all "$ZTUNNEL".istio-system -o json | jq

Reviewer 2: same comment here

Reviewer 2: check if jq is required too?

Author: `jq` isn't required
